---
category: hello
---
# YOLOKit

<h2 id="tagline">Shoving square objects down round holes.</h2>

Quit writing a bazllion lines of code just to get your arrays and ditionaries into the right shape.

YOLOKit is **lean**. Every method is as minimal as it can be without being crap. Every new method is carefully considered before addition. Sometimes a method would make the overal goals of the framework worse, so we reject it.

YOLOKit is **forgiving**. We are writing iPhone apps, not space shuttle control modules. Heaven forbid you ask for the 4th item in an array that is empty: YOLO; let’s not crash.

YOLOKit is **delightful**. Every method is designed for you, a modern iOS developer. It’s designed for your platform. It’s designed to make your code delightful and your smile as wide as a thousand faces.

<script>
var script = document.createElement('script');
script.src = 'https://api.github.com/repos/mxcl/YOLOKit?access_token=c826b3e99f4be66fd134ebabd070e61159ab4d7a&callback=foo';

document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(script);
</script>

<a class="github" href="https://github.com/mxcl/YOLOKit">YOLOKit on GitHub</a> <span id="pulse"></span>


# Importing YOLOKit

In your `Podfile`:

{% highlight ruby %}
pod 'YOLOKit'
{% endhighlight %}

In your `.m` files:

{% highlight objectivec %}
#import "YOLO.h"
{% endhighlight %}

YOLOKit is entirely modular. So if you only want a couple of methods:

{% highlight ruby %}
pod 'YOLOKit/map'
pod 'YOLOKit/skip'
{% endhighlight %}

# Complete Method Index

The following documentation is literally taken from `YOLO.h`. Thus it is available in Xcode by ⌥ clicking the method.
